1202: More plugin checks doc (#1217)
AbsaOSS/enceladus: _docs/2.0.0/plugins-built-in.md

---
layout: docs
title: Built-in Plugins
version: '2.0.0'
categories:
    - '2.0.0'
---
Built-in Plugins
================

<!-- toc -->
- [What are built-in plugins](#what-are-built-in-plugins)
- [Existing built-in plugins](#existing-built-in-plugins)
  - [KafkaInfoPlugin](#kafkainfoplugin)
<!-- tocstop -->

What are built-in plugins
-------------------------

Built-in plugins provide some additional but relatively elementary functionality. And also serve as example how plugins 
are written. Unlike externally created plugins they are automatically included in the `SparkJobs.jar` file and therefore 

> doesn't need to be included using the `--jars` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in plugins provide some additional but relatively elementary functionality. And also serve as an example how plugins 
are written. Unlike externally created plugins they are automatically included in the `SparkJobs.jar` file and therefore 
don't need to be included using the `--jars` option.
```

Existing built-in plugins
-------------------------

### KafkaInfoPlugin

The purpose of this plugin is to send control measurements to a Kafka topic each time a checkpoint is reached or job

> status is changed. This can help monitoring production issues and react on errors as quickly as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status is changed. This can help to monitor production issues and react to errors as quickly as possible.
```
